Hello, I will tell you the upgrades I need on my system for the design. If you observe, other AI have not been reading the docs, so they don't know what is actually happening. And I think they don't know how the website is. So I think the current working version that is my prototype will have helped them understand what it does. And I think it was documented to know the main purpose. In the main site, we'll be having something like a way for them to, that is templates, fill a form, have a live view, just like V1 or V2, and read the docs a lot, but the other AI have not been doing that. So I will just be splitting out the error from the starting. First off on the landing page, the logo of the site is just currently basic M. I will attach an image to this message, so I think that will be the logo. So you have to like find a way to size it or replicate it or try and put it everywhere it should be. The my type is, you are just writing it plain my type is, it's having no visual context. So it should be like well fonted. The my and the type is should be like a typography stuff or hierarchy there, something like that. I'm not good at design, but I know there's something to be there. On mobile, I don't know for desktop, I'm using mobile to actually preview, so as I'm telling you the area I'm seeing on mobile, you'll be the one to actually check out the desktop views and see if it's still need fix. The welcome page that is enterprise document, infrastructure, and all that, the background is just plain white, which I don't like. It's actually kind of lame and unprofessional. I'm not saying you should go and throw rubbish there, but at least if there was like a, this hero needs work. It needs work. And I'm not even talking about the content, I'm talking about the whole structure. Then this no credit card, recipient sign without a creator account, sock, tool type, all these three things, they are just listed one one, so unprofessional. Not even screen as a carousel or anything. I don't know what you would do to them, but I don't like them just stacked on top of each other one one. I like this section after the hero that showed the stacks. I like this. This is what I'm talking about professionalism. Even the next part that did say draft, fidelity check, approver, sign, is nice, but if there's any improvements of the colors, it would be better because approver, sign, and archive does not have color. I'm talking about mobile view. I want you to preview now. Then, going to capabilities, okay, you are putting create studio, document pipeline, binding e-document, version, route, professional call, so, but we users, mostly students, we don't be like related to this. being too long, that is 1 to 5, not stacked or well arranged for visual, not overwhelming, so it's just like a long list, but do you know what to do there? Then market, the alternatives are too many, way too many. Just to just use two, I guess two alternatives or three in hours. The alternatives you put are too many, making the page still very long and too much. Then the sign, the page, the price, I don't want to say any dollars on the system. The whole system is built on naira. It's just a system for Nigeria for now, so the whole system should be built in naira. So this monthly bill and all that, it's just, currently it's just a demo. I don't really know how much. And all these features, I don't really know if I'll give them out, but they should be reduced. There should be like, okay, there is professional, enterprise, okay. Then you can go to the corporate table. That is nice. Your pipeline is already broken. Fix it in 15 days. This pipeline, this part now seems like a target. The whole website now seems like a target enterprises a lot alone. But that will be like for scaling in the future. For now, I still need something like student-based. So this pipeline always lags sometimes. Look for me for it being just a student-based. I'll be doing student websites. Okay, let me go to the next page, products. I'm going to click in products and I'm not seeing any products page. Even version 1 or 2, actings like autosign, auto-docs, copyrism, listing of all the products it, and some of the products on the navbar, not even products, that is on the top bar. Then I'm going to the pricing. Pricing page is actually okay. I'll prefer if there is a free plan. There is a free forever plan that should be faced. And it's slider. This slider from monthly to yearly should properly slide to the yearly, not just jumping. And I actually, I'm actually cool with the full comparison, but I think it's kind of too long. Maybe you should, can just reduce it a little bit. The FAQ is okay on that page, and the down is okay. Let me check the templates page. You will check in that view 1 or view 2. I think one of them has a template page engine on the dashboard, which is properly working. And currently I'm observing that anytime I click input feed, like I'm clicking, I click the search input feed. As I'm typing, as I'm typing, as I enter it, the zoom of the page is broken, and that is happening to the whole application. The zoom just over zoom out, so I have to now zoom in again or zoom out again to see the full width. So I don't want that type of errors. The search is actually working properly. The search is actually working properly. But after I search, this preview image, this preview image should be more contentful. I know they are demo, right, but they should be more contentful and more visual. Even as right now, I'm so weak. Then, when I click, when I'm clicking the user template, nothing is happening, but I remember on either my V1 or V2, templating was working properly and I was able to fill a form and preview it. Then when I want to then proceed to the next stage, I need to register with a pop-up, then after I register, I'm going to the sign-up or the login, something. But right now, it's not just working at all. The sign-up page is actually okay, basic, normal. The signing page is actually still cool. Then, let me check the enterprise page. The enterprise page is, I think it's directing to the landing page, which is not good. So I think there still needs to be work done. And I don't think that it should be able, the nav bars, I don't really think they are complete or they are orderly. Support. Did you check the Vue 1 video? There was some cool nav guys I loved in them. Check, okay, now, let me check the support page. And still, the support page is not in. To show that a lot of pages are not being viewed properly. Let me check, let me go to the footer now, and I go to products, features, and it redirects me to the landing page to show that there is no feature page. You are seeing that the AI was telling me that everything is complete. Template. Yes, everything took me to the current working template. Pricing is working about, there's nothing on the about. And these things are already on the V1 and V2. It's just that you are having low confidence in reading the docs. Support is still nothing. Terms of service on the legal part of the footer are still nothing. Nothing there. Privacy. Privacy is actually working, but I was happy it took me to the down of the page. So I couldn't even, I didn't even know that I was in the page. So I think that is the error. Okay. Support and others are working, but when I click them, I'm on the bottom of the page instead of taking me up. So actually know the features you are fixing. And these are for the front-end pages, so I will later tell you about the errors in the inner dashboard. But for now fix all the errors her in the landing and public pages
